----------------------------------108 fool------------------------------------

This game is similar to UNO card game, but is played with classical game cards 
and consists of several rounds.

A round ends when any player has no cards remaining in his hand. Other players 
then count their round points based on cards they have at the end of the round.
These round points sum up with the results of previous rounds in a total score 
for each player. The first player who gets 108 points in total (you can set 
another value) loses the game.

The more cards you have at the end of a round the more points you`ll get. So
your main goal is to get rid of as many cards as possible during a round!

There may be several losers if they reached this value at the end of the same 
round.
Also, if you want to start next game instantly, it will last till the highest 
score of a loser from the previous game. For example, if there were 2 losers 
with 109 and 117 points, a new game will last till 117 points.


ROUND rules:
Players begin each round with 5 cards in hand.
First turn of every round is made by a different player (one by one).
A card for the first turn is chosen randomly from a hand of the first player.
So, the player who makes the first move cannot choose a card.

The next player may use one of his cards meeting the requirements of the rules:
card suit or card value must match the previously played card. For example, the 
previous player used ‘10 of diamonds’ – You can play any card of diamonds or 10 
of any other suit.

If you have no matching card in hand or you don’t want to use it, you should draw 
one card from the deck. Then you can either use a card (any card meeting the rules)
or pass your turn to the next player.

When your hand is almost dry (one or two cards left), a new button with ‘One!’ 
message on it will appear. Don’t forget to click it every time! It informs other 
players that you are close to finishing this round (just like in UNO).
If you have finished a round but forgot to click the button, you shall be “rewarded” 
with penalty points!

When a round lasts too long there may be situation when you need to draw a card from
a deck, but the deck is dry. In this case the deck will be replenished again with used
cards and you shall earn penalty points for such replenishment.
Each replenishment causes more and more penalty points!

If a round lasts for too long, there may be a situation when you need to draw a card 
from the deck, but the deck is dry. In this case, the deck will be replenished again
with used cards, and you shall receive penalty points for this.
Each replenishment causes more and more penalty points!

CARDS:
Each card has its cost – i.e. the amount of points players get at the end of each round.
In addition, many cards have special properties affecting game progress.
Let’s review the cards in detail:

6 	- costs six points. If a player uses this card, the next player must draw two cards
	from the deck and pass his turn (he won`t be able to use his cards this time).
7 	- costs seven points. If a player uses this card, the next player must draw one card
	from the deck and pass his turn (he won`t be able to use his cards this time).
8 	- costs eight points. There are no special rules for this card.
9 	- costs zero points. Reverses turn direction untill the end of the round or untill
	another 9 is used. For example, next player to make a turn is sitting left to you
	(the order of turns is clockwise). You use a 9 and the turn order reverses to 
	counter-clockwise. The next player to play is to the right of you now.
10 	- costs ten points. No special rules.
(J)ack  - costs two points. No special rules.
(Q)ueen - costs three points. The rules for this card are a bit complicated. See special section 
	below.
(K)ing  - costs four points. No special rules.
(A)ce   - costs eleven points. If a player uses this card, the next player must pass his
	turn without playing any cards.

QUEENS:
Queen is the most usefull card in the game, but it may cause a lot of harm if used poorly.
If it is your turn, you can use any queen card regardless of a card used before it: for
example, the previously played card was "Jack of Spades" (or ANY other) - you can still 
play your "Queen of Hearts" (whereas normally you would have to play only Spades or Jacks 
on top of "Jack of Spades").
Queens are also able to change card suits: after playing a Queen you will be asked to choose 
a new card suit – four additional cards representing each suit will be displayed on your screen. 
For example, after using your "Queen of hearts" you may choose Clubs suit, because you have a lot 
of Clubs cards in your hand. The next player will have to use only Clubs cards or another Queen 
to change the suit again.

But that’s not it yet!
Normally, Queens cost 3 points at the end of each round (when you have several cards in hand).
BUT!: If another player finishes a round and you only have a single Queen in hand, it will cost 
you 20 points (or even 40 points if it is "Queen of Spades")!
FINALLY: If YOU finish a round and the last card you played was a Queen, you will be rewarded 
with a 20 points discount (40 for "Queen of Spades"), i.e. you’ll get –20 or –40 points for such 
round.
So, keeping a Queen at the end of a round is always a risk. You may be punished or rewarded for it. 
Choose wisely!

CONTROLS:
- use ENTER to make your turn
- use SPACE to draw a card from the deck or to pass your turn
- use left/right arrow to navigate through cards in your hand
- use mouse to choose special Queen card
- use mouse or hotkeys to click in-game buttons

Thats all for the rules! I hope everything is clear now and you can play the game.
